London is the capital and largest city of England and the United Kingdom, with a population of just under 9 million.[1] It stands on the River Thames
in south-east England at the head of a 50-mile (80 km) estuary down to the North Sea, and has been a major settlement for two millennia.[9] The City of
London, its ancient core and financial centre, was founded by the Romans as Londinium and retains its medieval boundaries.[note 1][10] The City of Westminster, 
to the west of the City of London, has for centuries hosted the national government and parliament. Since the 19th century,[11] the name "London" has also referred
to the metropolis around this core, historically split between the counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertfordshire,[12] which largely comprises Greater
London,[13] governed by the Greater London Authority.

Paris (French pronunciation: is the capital and most populous city of France, with an estimated population of 2,165,423 residents in 2019 in an area of more than
105 km² (41 sq mi),[5] making it the 30th most densely populated city in the world in 2020.[6] Since the 17th century, Paris has been one of the world's major centres
of finance, diplomacy, commerce, fashion, gastronomy, and science. For its leading role in the arts and sciences, as well as its very early system of street lighting, 
in the 19th century it became known as "the City of Light".[7] Like London, prior to the Second World War, it was also sometimes called the capital of the world.

Tokyo (/ˈtoʊkioʊ/;[7] Japanese: 東京, Tōkyō, officially the Tokyo Metropolis (東京都, Tōkyō-to), is the capital and largest city of Japan.[8]
Formerly known as Edo, its metropolitan area (13,452 square kilometers or 5,194 square miles) is the most populous in the world, with an estimated 37.468 million 
residents as of 2018;[9] the city proper has a population of 13.99 million people.[4] Located at the head of Tokyo Bay, the prefecture forms part of the Kantō region 
on the central coast of Honshu,Japan's largest island. Tokyo serves as Japan's economic center and is the seat of both the Japanese government and the Emperor of Japan.

Nassau
Capital city of: The Bahamas
One of the only places in the world with a history cooler than Australia’s criminal past, The Bahamas were mainly populated by pirates up until about 300 years ago.
The 11th largest island in The Bahamas is New Providence, an 11-mile-long stretch of shimmering sands surrounded by an ocean so blue it practically glows. This is where
you will find Nassau.Nassau is where infamous pirate Blackbeard (a chap called Edward Teach) once called home. For something a little less swashbuckling, take a stroll in Nassau’s Retreat 
Gardens, which are home to one of the biggest private collections of exotic and rare plants in the world. Or, simply bring a spade and a treasure map – where there be
pirates, there be treasure…

Ljubljana
Capital city of: Slovenia
Ljubljana can be summed up in just a few words: Dragons, castles, eco-friendly, and even harder to spell than it is to say (l oo b – l ee – y ah n ah ).
This quaint capital is quintessentially European, just without the mobs of tourists. The Dragon Bridge is perhaps the most iconic of its attractions, a river crossing
built in 1900-01 and guarded by four menacing stone dragons. The Ljubljana Castle overlooks the city and offers visitors a look into the country’s history, while the 
city itself repeatedly wins sustainability titles, such as the European Green Capital 2016 award.
